Let's take a look at a few of the ways that we can use Kinesis Firehose to
send data to an Amazon ElasticSearch service destination.
Now keep in mind that this is the Amazon ElasticSearch service, not
any ElasticSearch cluster anywhere in the world.
So to get started,
let's look at some of the entities we might interact
with when taking this approach.
First, we might have a Kinesis Firehose already set up.
If we don't have one, we'll have to create it.
Also,
we'll need an Amazon ElasticSearch service cluster already set
up too. And we might have an S3 bucket. And I'll get to how we
might use this in a little bit.
But to start, let's imagine data comes into our Kinesis Firehose.
It'll either fill up the buffer size or the buffer interval
will run out, and then that will trigger data to go from
Kinesis Firehose to Amazon ElasticSearch.
Now this is the simplest of examples,
but it might be what ends up happening. Now, alternatively,
we might have data that starts in Kinesis Firehose, and some of
it gets moved over to Amazon ElasticSearch.
But a particular record or a few different records might cause an issue
when they're trying to get ingested into ElasticSearch.
In that case,
the data would then be sent from Kinesis Firehose to an S3 bucket
where we could look at it more closely and determine why it failed
to get indexed in Amazon ElasticSearch.
Now we could do a few other things too.
Let's imagine we started out with the same setup with our data.
Now instead of sending it to Amazon ElasticSearch right away,
we might send it to Lambda and do something pretty similar to the
other ways we've use Lambda where we take that data,
we have Lambda functions go ahead and act on it and change it around.
And then we might have records that we've modified, like the green
record here, or records that we've dropped, like the purple one, that
simply disappears and we don't send it anywhere.
And we could have the same sort of failures happen in the
transformation stage that we had when we were trying to
send it to Amazon ElasticSearch.
In this case,
we'd send the successfully transformed data to Amazon ElasticSearch
and then send the failed data to an S3 bucket so that we could look
at it more closely, and we'd know that it failed at the
transformation stage because Lambda and Kinesis Firehose would
label it like that for us.
Now we could have all this process happen basically identically,
except before we send data anywhere, we send a backup copy of it to the S3
bucket without any changes and including all the data just in case we didn't
want to throw any particular records away when we either sent them to Amazon
ElasticSearch or we changed them around using Lambda. You'll see some similar
patterns when we take a look at other destinations that we can use with Kinesis
Firehose. In the next video, let's take a look at Amazon Redshift as a destination.